docs: update `authType` (#16783)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

### authType

> This can be only used with `token` to create a custom http `authorization` header.
> Don't set `authType=Bearer`, it's the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may use the `authType` option to create a custom HTTP `authorization` header.
For `authType` to work, you must also set your own `token`.

Do not set `authType=Bearer`: it's the default setting for Renovate anyway.
```

How about this?

Author: it must be clear to not use it with username and password. it won't be used there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may use the `authType` option to create a custom HTTP `authorization` header.
For `authType` to work, you must also set your own `token`.

Do not set `authType=Bearer`: it's the default setting for Renovate anyway.
Do not set a username or password when you're using `authType`, as `authType` doesn't use usernames or passwords.
```

> it must be clear to not use it with username and password. it won't be used there.

How about something like this?

### authType

This can be only used with `token` to create a custom http `authorization` header.

> 
> Don't set `authType=Bearer`, it's the default.

Author: ```suggestion
Don't set `authType=Bearer`, it's the default.
```

> This can be used with `token` to create a custom http `authorization` header.

Author: ```suggestion
This can be only used with `token` to create a custom http `authorization` header.
```
